hello everyone and welcome to a new vlog
and as you might be able to tell from my
appearance today it is Halloween or the
day after Halloween but it is the day we
are celebrating Halloween and we are all
in the kitchen and we are having please
and then we might go out after possibly
move spooky but don't you think I look
scary everyone seemed to think I don't
look scary
I think I look scary I was gonna go for
something really intricate and I was
like now I just put black all over the
eyes and how do you have it everyone
says I'm a panda I'm not I'm a skeleton
let me give you my scariest thing this
is the house where you haven't met yet
okay everyone so we've been in the jib
just playing like games and a few
drinking games and we have this forfeit
wheel and I just got told to spin the
forfeit wheel and my forfeit was to go
to bed so I am spending a lovely minute
in bed I am a skull skeleton this
evening I tried to put on really pale
makeup but I'm so pale I don't not sure
if you can actually tell like my skin
tone is so pale already that like the
white stuff I was putting on my face
just so that's normal I think I look a
bit pale I feel like I've been in bed
for a minute so I'm gonna go down see my
friends continuing
so scary hello everyone you're looking
at a very tight skeleton we went to the
club that is Cindy's in Cambridge and it
was my first time in Cindy's and quite a
while I think that's probably my first
time there since first year of uni so
yeah but it was packed very busy this
evening the music was kind of a mix of
hip-hop and afro beats and then a lot of
people were kind of jumping around
kicking me in the ankle I was getting a
bit claustrophobic lots people around
and I was just like this is why I
haven't come in every year because I
prefer my bed I prefer a nice cozy night
into this yeah the risk of sounding
boring I've headed back to the house but
it has been a fun evening and it is a
125 so it's not as if I'm going to bed
really early you know we've made it into
the early hours of the next day I
understand why people do like going out
but sometimes I'm like is this actually
supposed to be fun just people jumping
around and me getting knocked backwards
and forwards every second those of drunk
people running around me sometimes I'm
just like is this my thing I'm not sure
I've got other hobbies other things I
like to do for fun other than clubbing
and that's okay
bit of wisdom from Paige she was had a
few drinks this evening and yeah that's
it I guess I'll see you tomorrow
good morning everyone so I am up didn't
get as much sleep as I probably needed
last night I think today I'm gonna still
be tired but you know what's to be
expected Friday night you're gonna have
a bit of fun saturday is quite a good
day to just rest this is the mess from
last night I love that I'm gonna have
breakfast first and then I might come
down and give it a bit of a tidy the
good news is our cleaner does not come
at the weekend so she won't see this
shocking display and won't be judging us
and it's fine
when I say breakfast I'm just gonna have
a belter because it's Saturday today
Saturday
means brunch at Jesus College I'm not
sure what time I'm gonna go to brunch
but I want to eat too much now because
branch is a big meal
everyone sleeps and my brunch
unfortunately the taste machine was very
posable the bread just wasn't quite the
same as my normal toast
it was untoasted bread I had to look for
it's been a good brunch we arrived a
good time when there was no queue hey
everyone
so I've spent the last hour editing and
uploading a YouTube video but now I
really must get to work cuz I have quite
a lot to do I've got two deadlines on
Monday two supervisors on Tuesday and a
supervision on Wednesday which I need to
be prepared for I might go get some
water and then start working evening
everyone I've had dinner with my friends
in the kitchen
Yuja and Emma cooked us a Malaysian
curry and it tasted very good now I've
come back up to my room I'm going to do
a little bit of work put some music on
[Music]
good morning everyone so it is Sunday
morning and I'm about to start work and
I don't think that's too bad
10:15 on a Sunday morning you have to
have a bit of a Sunday morning lion I
have got so much to do today
so I attempted to do some work yesterday
I barely got any done so yeah I've left
all my work to the last minute and I've
got to hand ins tomorrow my work for
handing in is not yet complete I just
need to really have my head down
today we've showered wash the hair the
hair just couldn't dry naturally because
I don't have time to be drawing this
hair it's midday and I'm so bored I've
got such a short attention span I do
about five minutes of concentrating and
then I'm like oh let me check my phone
I'm hungry and I need a coffee so what
I'm going to do is take my work down to
the kitchen put the kettle on make
myself a coffee and kind of work through
some of it in the kitchen while I drink
my coffee but while I'm having my coffee
I'm going to have the oven preheating
and pop my food in the oven hot food is
in the oven I'm now having cucumber
sticks and hummus which is one of my
favourite snacks
and then I sat down with my coffee and
my work while I waited for my hot food
to be ready I did so much work that day
so I was very tired by the evening time
for bed
good morning everyone so I've had
breakfast I've had a shower now I'm at
my desk
I've got about half an hour before I
need to head to lectures so I'm gonna
use that time to do some work this was
always the plan to get some work done
before I had two lectures this morning
because I've just got so much to do the
trouble is my super visions are all
coming at once I've got three super
visions in the next couple of days and
it just means all my deadlines are at
once the next few days are going to be
quite hectic but after that it's gonna
die down a bit because I don't have any
deadlines for another week or so and
then hopefully I've learned for the next
cycle of work not to leave it till the
last minute after I'd finished with
lectures that day I worked in the
library at the math department it's my
new favorite works but mainly because
it's always so empty and so quiet I'm
convinced math students don't go to the
library I've just got back I haven't
really spoken to much today I've just
been working non-stop
we just had a super vision on the first
question sheet which everyone did find
challenging I've heard loads of people
saying it was really hard but my
supervisor just sat down and rattled
through all the questions I could barely
read his handwriting I couldn't hear him
because the math supervisions are held
in this massive roomful of people so you
just can't hear people speak and the
pace we went at was so fast I wanted to
cry I literally wanted to cry I know I'm
just having a bit of a crisis of
confidence but oh it's just all a bit
overwhelming then I had to cycle over to
the IOA to hand in work which was
incomplete by the way cuz I haven't had
time to finish it
so I basically got a whole evening of
work this evening and I've got every
outing tomorrow morning which I've got
to go out for really early for so I'm
probably gonna get no sleep and oh so
I'm gonna go to CAF and get some food
food will help everything right food
will make me feel better I'd know
we go into concert band but there's no
way I'm going this evening I just
absolutely don't have time hello
everyone so the situation is quite
drastic dinner was good by the way
dinner did make me feel better
it was Chinese theme night at CAF so I
had a Chinese chicken curry and some
vegetable noodles on the side it was
really good but anyway I've been doing
work since then I've just got so much to
get through that I'm just not going to
get through it this evening
or in the hour I've got tomorrow morning
before that just stuff I'm now thinking
I might skip lectures tomorrow morning
so I can do the work then because my
supervision is at 1:00 o'clock tomorrow
so I would technically have tomorrow
morning to get some of it done I just
think this might be the only answer
right now I'm just not gonna get it all
done and I don't want to sacrifice sleep
this evening I'm feeling tired already
okay everyone so I've had a successful
rowing outing even though I had to get
up very early for it and I think I
probably only got about five hours sleep
last night
I did try to go to bed early but my
friends were all up chatting really late
to be fair I probably woke half of them
up as I went down the stairs this
morning
the trouble is sound travels so easily
in this house the walls are all
paper-thin and the staircase is so
creaky I would normally be leaving for
lectures in just over half an hour's
time but today as I said before I am
skipping lectures it's not as if I'm
skipping them because I'm just lying in
it's not as if I'm skipping them for
stupid reasons I'm skipping them to do
work it shouldn't have got to this point
I'm annoyed with myself that I've let it
get to this point I'm gonna go get
coffee now
get going on my work I've got a few
hours to put into it now so I should be
able to come up with some good attempts
at the work then I will go to the
supervision at 1:00 then I'll come back
and I'm gonna need a nap at that point
it's actually bonfire night tonight so
Cambridge do a really good fireworks
display on the midsummer common so we're
gonna head over to watch that I think
most of us are going
hello everyone we're at the boathouse
because the fireworks display is about
to start
you can see the midsummer comin behind
me as you can see Cambridge is a
happening place this evening I've never
seen the midsummer comin so busy and
everyone's turned out all the fireworks
display and I've got my book out
[Music]
hello everyone this morning you joined
me with my jam on toast
I brought some down the other day
because I was like I'm getting bored of
honey on toast I need to shake it up I
did have some of my friends eating
breakfast with me but they've since left
because everyone's got to get on with
their days and I'm typically one of the
last people eating breakfast because my
lectures always start slightly later
than everyone else's in the mornings so
I'm the one having a bit more of a lie
in most days so I have had lectures
three lectures today I've just had
another coffee I've got a supervision
now I don't actually know where it is I
don't know what my supervisor looks like
so this is going to be fun and also my
supervision partner has not been to
lectures today so I don't actually know
where they are but hopefully they're
gonna rock up at some point I'll let you
guys know for now I'm just wandering
around the IOA
yeah I'm approaching the old observatory
building it's rather impressive
obviously it used to house the
telescopes and many directors of the
observatory used to live in this
building
these days it contains offices and a
specialist library the subjects of
astronomy astrophysics and cosmology
good morning everyone
so I'm doing some work for lectures yay
it's always a successful morning when I
manage to get up early enough to do some
work before I leave today I've got a
rowing race this afternoon which is
exciting but also a little bit annoying
because I've got a lot of work to do and
I could do with those two three hours to
do work and instead I've got to be on
the river and here's the view from the
Coxes seat as we waited for our race to
start we actually won so it was quite a
fun time really hello everyone I am so
mucky look at my hands and my jeans look
at that lovely mud I have just
pumped up my bike tires all by myself
didn't know I was capable but apparently
I am the past few weeks I mean pretty
much most of terms so far I've been
finding cycling such hard work I was
been meaning to check my tires for a
while I gave them a bit of a squid today
and I was like ah they are extremely
flat so I've just pumped them up and I
think it's gonna make a significant
difference I have got myself so mucky
though you have to put my jeans in the
wash I hope that mod comes out easily I
want to do a bit of work this evening
and also its blues and chill which we
went to at the start of term but now
it's the week five blues and chill I
just hit myself in the head yeah we have
week five blues and chill because week
five is considered to be like the
hardest week of term everyone gets the
week five blues and Aisha my friend is
playing at blues and chill today which
is very exciting so we'll definitely be
going along to support and just chill
out in general
[Music]
and while we're all losing and chillin
I'm going to end this vlog here thank
you very much for watching please give
the video a like if you enjoyed it
subscribe down below hit the
notification bell go follow me on my
Instagram and I'll see you guys soon
with another video
[Music]